what's up guys this is meant to 62 and
I'm back in the living if you guys up on
home front playing on the map called
farm and this right here is my favorite
map on home front um I do like a few
other one but this one hands down in my
opinion is is the best map because I
usually always have a good game on this
map mom cuz I'm just used to it now but
yeah well there are some many tips I can
give you on home front you know how to
improve your game one uses the a below
use a the Apple submachine gun in my
opinion this is the best gun in the game
nothing can really touch it I don't
think no none of the assault rifles can
um our better than this gun even the
other submachine gun the vector even
though I can't get like most of the
assault rifles or this submachine guns i
have picked them up and used them and it
just doesn't compare with the Diablo but
I guess it's really what in your opinion
woody what gun do you like the best but
my opinion Diablo helped me out a lot
because you know i'll pull off the
running gunning with the AI blow and
then maybe I'll try the m4 and then that
won't do so good because it doesn't have
that good hip fire so my opinion child
would be a blow if you guys have a game
in see what you can do um another tip on
home front don't always run straight
down like straight down the middle
always run around and I say this for
call duty games and the reason why is
because in this game usually got campers
that are sniping in and you don't want
to get sniped by them so how to avoid
them as his running around in so many
times this on this map on Angel Island
the map that I hate on a lot of other
maps a lot people are just chillin the
back in the map trying to snipe so if
you go around you can just kill them all
I number one game I had like eight kills
by just going and killing all snipers
because most of the team with snipers
and that that helped out my game so you
probably see the back name in the future
but yeah most people just like chillin
the babby booths all right following the
sniping and I don't really don't
understand why I think the running
running running
shooting games is better than you know
shook camping and I'm not getting at
campers and it's like that because I
played gamebattles nurse there's tons of
campers you just have to avoid them on
gamebattles com you just have to get
used to get see good get the feel how to
play the game cuz if you're in a
competitive match you know he's not
gonna run run out stupidly so so yeah
this is trying to play it smart try and
running around and everything like that
233 don't buy the smaller stuff like as
you see right now I have the Hellfire
missile and I have the UAV don't buy
them unless you know you need to I think
in this game i bought a Hellfire missile
but I don't buy them anymore I only buy
them if it's coming down to like the end
of the game and I can't get a helicopter
so I'll buy a Hellfire missile but yeah
always save up for a helicopter because
the helicopters can help your team out
and helps you a lot by giving you a lot
of kills and a lot of points to rank up
so the hell and i'm using the you know
the small not the best helicopter but it
still can do damage of you if you're
good if you're good with it so yeah
always try and save up for the
helicopter because those are the the
main kill the main um battle points you
can get so yeah this is like the best
kill streak in the game the second best
i'll say the Apaches um is the best one
and i have i actually been in one eye i
found out that if you you know if you
die and you go to select something
there's something called team vehicle
and there's someone could have that up
so you can be in a jeep you can be in a
patch because you could have a co-pilot
in there actually so I was actually in
there I got I got a few kills off of it
and it's not even the one with the
missiles like the one with the gun and
everything like that i like the gun like
this but it takes like two hits and
they're dead like with this one it takes
maybe like six hits you just have to be
right on be accurate with it so yeah
I've been on that Apache and god damn I
wish I I wish I had that that kill
streak because it is total beast
what's it called one thing with this
game the leaderboards are kind of messed
up I don't know what why there later
boards are messed up because if you go
in the game sometimes I won't show you
the leaderboard sometimes it will like
i'll go on the leader like if it does
pop up I'll go to my wins and losses you
in it it would be like two wins and
twenty five losses I'll be like that's
not my record what the hell is this but
um I don't know I guess they're doing
something like the the leaderboards are
kind of messed up so hopefully they fix
that and if I go in the home front
website and it shows me the leaderboard
it says I'm in third place so i'll link
you guys to a thing in description of
the home front leaderboards and this is
I'm in third place and when you get
there me at the far right it should say
on the top right it's just a platform go
to ps3 and it should show you the ps3
section I think it's on PS it's on on
platform steam for the computers so you
guys switch to the ps3 because I'm
playing this is the ps3 but yes as I'm
Rhine three so hopefully i can push up
get higher up in the leaderboard but
it's not like even updates like ahh I'll
play a game on get like maybe 60 kills
and then you go check the leaderboard
and you're still at the exact same thing
so i'm not sure if here it's just slow
on updating it or my games don't even
count the game that I do get don't even
really count so hopefully they get fixed
soon um oh yeah hopefully somebody get
fixed soon cuz I really want my my my
stuffed update cuz i think i might KD in
this game is to point 32 or something
like that something like that it's it's
gonna it keeps getting up higher every
higher and every single game i'll be
like maybe by like a three-point oh
maybe next week that's fun that's my
goal for this game three point oh my go
for medal of honor was a three-point oh
and i got it to three-point 30 so
hopefully i keep getting it up I go look
for black ops was a four-point-oh I
haven't even got there yet um like 80
for black ops like three-point 93 or
anything like that
it's close to a four-point-oh so if I do
go back to that game um I'll be sure to
get that up and one thing i don't like
about homefront you see what I did right
there I went down to the helicopter I
went I went to the helicopter I went
down to Section B and you can actually
capture capture the flags and stuff like
that if you're in a vehicle I don't know
why they did this but if you can be in a
helicopter you can be in a tanky to be
in a Jeep you're gonna sit there with
with you know with your vehicle and you
can actually capture the objective which
makes no sense to me like a bomb I found
my guy and I'm trying to capture an
objective and there's a huge tank there
most likely I'm gonna die if they're
gonna what should happen if they're
trying to capture an objective they need
to need to get out of the vehicle to
capture it so hopefully they can fix
that an update cuz I'm don't know why
they would do that by F slide down with
my helicopter and I can capture there's
something wrong with that so hopefully
that gets fixed soon the games coming
down to it come coming down to an end
soon I think this is where I die because
of a bantam spawn like the season here
yeah I killed that one guy and I was
like yes keg got the sniper I got rid of
the camper in the back I got rid of this
guy right and I wouldn't call my
Hellfire missile and I died the guy
sniper spawn there again Lainey to ask
something with this game the spawn
points so hopefully they can fix all
these problems soon I think I went like
39 and 7 in this game so hope you got
your the video please like the video and
you haven't subscribed to my channel 44
homefront videos subscribe and I will
see you guys later
you